docs: add ProgressSteps docs (#3294)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/components/progress-steps/index.mdx

> export const meta = {

Reviewer: issue: this page is failing to build because we need to list the progress steps package in the website package.json file

Author: Thanks!

Show the error status on a step when it’s not the current step they’re on. When a
user navigates to the step that has errors, set the status of the step to `current`
and use in-page validation to communicate the errors in the current step.
Check out the [Error state pattern](https://paste.twilio.design/patterns/error-state) for more guidance.

## Composition Notes

- Each step must have a label. Keep the label concise with fewer than 5 words per label.
- Consider skipping articles like “a” or “the” to shorten the step.
- Generally, start each step with a verb to keep the user grounded in the task at hand.
- If the process has 5 steps and describing each one with a verb + noun is too long, consider shortening the step labels to just a verb, and using the in-page step label to clarify the full scope of the task. For example, use “Add” as a step label, but include “Add entry step” as the page label.
- If the process does not fit into a mental model of performing tasks, make sure each step is phrased consistently. For example, “Business profile” and “Brand registration.”
- Keep the placement of Progress Steps consistent between different pages (steps).

<DoDont>

>   <Do center title="Do" body="Use Progress Steps for complex, noncontinuous tasks with 3–5 steps">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <Do center title="Do" body="Use Progress Steps for complex tasks with 3–5 steps that can't be completed in one session.">
```

    ProgressStepSeparator,
  }}
  noInline
>
  {i18nExample}
</LivePreview>

---

## Composition Notes

- Each step must have a label. Keep the label concise with fewer than 5 words per label.
- Skip articles like “a” or “the” to shorten the step.
- Generally, start each step with a verb to keep the user grounded in the task at hand.
- If the process has 5 steps and describing each one with a verb + noun is too long, consider shortening the step labels to just a verb, and using the in-page step label to clarify the full scope of the task. For example, use “Add” as a step label, but include “Add entry step” as the page label.
- If the process does not fit into a mental model of performing tasks, make sure each step is phrased consistently. For example, “Business profile” and “Brand registration.”
- Keep the placement of Progress Steps consistent between different pages (steps).

### When to use an error step

Show the error status on a step when it’s not the current step they’re on. When a
user navigates to the step that has errors, use `ProgressStepCurrent` to set the status of the step to current,
and use in-page validation to then communicate the errors in the current page.

> Check out the [Error state pattern](https://paste.twilio.design/patterns/error-state) for more guidance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check out the [Error state pattern](/patterns/error-state) for more guidance.
```

ugh sorry didn't catch this in the first review. This is showing up as an external link.
